Gwenevere Abriel: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Afternoon is still afternoon over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I've been having issues with the
Bethany Shadid: Sound not coming on right away. I have to like actually join it. It says it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, noticing a change to
Bethany Shadid: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, little a little low energy
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Not your normal perky so
Gwenevere Abriel: Although if I didn't announce it probably no one would notice but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean,
Bethany Shadid: I hear that
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what about you.
Bethany Shadid: So I am in a lot of pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh dear.
Bethany Shadid: Still passing the kidney stone.
Bethany Shadid: Cheese and
Bethany Shadid: Glad to talk to you today because I find myself in a bit of a predicament. And I don't know what the policy, it is, but the day I texted you.
Bethany Shadid: About having the kidney stone. I also called in to the
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: Virtually yeah and told him.
Bethany Shadid: You know, Dr. Rob real knows that I have kidney stones. I'm calling. Can you just please let her know, You know that this is happening, and they were like a bit confused. Oh, so you, you just want us to tell her I said yeah because I'm not sure what to do. And so they're like, okay.
Bethany Shadid: I haven't heard anything, this has happened multiple times.
Bethany Shadid: And so I went ahead and just did what I do, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Bethany Shadid: Go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are, I'm going to share my perspective, she will share hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: When a medication is an as needed. Kind of thing while then we use the medication as needed. If you're on a particular dose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're in a treatment program right you're in a treatment program this sort of saying, well, let's get you taper down to, to a dose, but then you have these additional medical episodes that are happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I this is where it gets really tricky. Okay, so be careful not to confuse it with
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I say
Gwenevere Abriel: How to put this. I think this is something you could relate to
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever order a medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would a doctor ever order a medicine, if they had never met the patient. They had they'd never looked at an MRI. They never looked at testing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And made a diagnosis and they'd actually seen a record would they ever just order a medicine for a patient. They had never assessed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably not, unless it's a family member, right, it'd be some really odd thing to do, just randomly you call the doctor and said, Hey, I have ADHD. Please give me nothing. Yeah, let me have I dance.
Gwenevere Abriel: I then likely to do that.
Bethany Shadid: If you're established with a doctor.
Bethany Shadid: That's not my scenario. Yeah, no, no. But, and they haven't like assessed you for that. Um, it is, it happens, but it's not very common. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that again that's in the doctors lane. That's all the doctors lane, the behavioral part the behavioral health part is smiling in my lane is
Gwenevere Abriel: How does my client, how do you distinguish
Gwenevere Abriel: Behaviors of addiction versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Vacation versus taking the medicine. I was told to take as needed. So there's at least three and there's probably more pieces of it than that. But that's a bit where I might start to come into play in the discussion I don't prescribe um
Gwenevere Abriel: I cannot know where that is. And this is where this is where the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say you never texted me right because how would my relevance come into play. What difference does it make whether your behavioral health professional knows. Think about it for a second. Why would it matter. And then I know that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something going on there just play it all the way out. See if you can tease out. Why would matter that your therapist knows that you're having a kidney stone. Why do you think would be important that I know.
Bethany Shadid: I think it's important because to me.
Bethany Shadid: I wanted to be as open and transparent about it.
Bethany Shadid: Because of my
Bethany Shadid: History with the medication and, you know, having somebody else to help hold you accountable, you know, for those reasons. I think the other side of it, too, was if you're not getting somewhere through the
Bethany Shadid: Regular lane of checking in clinic and not hearing that was the reason is thinking, you know, letting you know as well. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's just talk about, I don't want to make any assumptions. So, Bethany. Have you taken medicine outside of what is prescribed on the model.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And for how many days.
Bethany Shadid: Since I text to once
Gwenevere Abriel: And then so and then. So how much. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: So, and that's what I wanted to kind of wanted to talk to Dr. Aubrey L about, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and I'm come to group, you know, in the morning and talk to her, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The more it's organized. Now, the easier it will be for you to relay it tomorrow.
Bethany Shadid: I agree.
Bethany Shadid: I'm since Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, like, five days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been taking how many milligrams a day.
Eight.
Bethany Shadid: Which is
Bethany Shadid: Two and a half milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your pain level for those five days.
Bethany Shadid: Eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when did it start
Um,
Bethany Shadid: I guess Wednesday night.
Bethany Shadid: Like evening. That's why I didn't text you till Thursday day
Bethany Shadid: So actually I think I've been at eight for six because I took
Bethany Shadid: Wednesday, which is part of my issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: So after we continue talking. It turns out you had been taking it since Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Gone without any pain medication when you've had a kidney stone.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pain level.
Bethany Shadid: It's like a seven or six
Bethany Shadid: Um, I can, I can function.
Bethany Shadid: But when it gets higher than that.
Bethany Shadid: To keep me out of the emergency room I take more but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's history of pain without any pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relief through an opiate. What was the pain level what number we got
Bethany Shadid: It was sorry the
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain level, can you tolerate. Have you tolerated in the past when you either couldn't or didn't take any thing for it.
Bethany Shadid: I've been able to to
Bethany Shadid: Uncomfortably handle seven
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing to address if we assume that there is a connection between the mind and the body. If we say that philosophy might have some grounding in psycho physiology. What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: To address
Gwenevere Abriel: your stress level head on. What are you doing, it's proactive to address it. Would you say
Bethany Shadid: I'm staying very hydrated, which helps flush.
Bethany Shadid: I take medicine to help open up the urethra and and help it pass more quickly.
Bethany Shadid: I walk the gravity helps. Um, but in terms of like comfort or distraction, things like that. I have a
Bethany Shadid: litany of things that I do. One of the big ones is getting sucked into like a TV show or something that I can distract myself okay hollering yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you watch what did you get into over this weekend.
Bethany Shadid: murder mysteries.
Bethany Shadid: Stuff where it's totally not related to anything close to my reality.
Bethany Shadid: Because yes, something that I totally
Bethany Shadid: I and that's part of my TV issue is that I can zoned out so well because i've i've i've used is such a distraction. During these episodes that I can really give or get into something
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one way to do that. You can benefit from both is is to take advantage of the phone to take advantage of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see me show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only the alarm. He say, I'm going to watch a TV our show. That means I can get lost in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not lost to the point that I stop these other things that are going on in my life. That means you can have both.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you can do it with a timer more doing that before. Now you're just I whatever I'm just going to get lost in it and you've gotten where you've come to me and made a complaint about yourself as if you you don't get access to that. But now, if you say, well, I'll set a timer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't regulate the end date the end time for something which is pretty common. And people identify with challenges with attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then the that'd be pretty common. So set a timer that I get a binge for the next two and a half hours and Dang Dang Dang. Look at that. Those who enough hours have passed and the alarm says go for a walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and I would also invite you, you probably already have this, but if you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: See because what do they call it up on time tomato timer has I polish tomato timer, but you can set it for a certain amount of time. Sometimes time feels like this weird to saying like, you can't really you're not maybe good at guessing how much hasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So these are really cool because it gives you a visual on it, you can actually see the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Movie and see this tomato moving it gives you this. Okay, I see this is real. It's not this nebulous thing because
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe it's just numbers all kind of disorganized everywhere. But this, this can help sort of solidify what time is so I put this to see how good of a kind of like, it's called tomato timer to really simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can change the amount of time that it's set for you can have a few preset ones. Pretty easy to adjust them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have that. Now I'm going to ask it again. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Took what you said and I wrote it down. So if the underlying assumption is that our interpersonal relationships are intra personal relationships that are mental health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Effects the cortisol levels of our body, which may affect the responsive, maybe even your kidneys function. Maybe, maybe not. But let's say it does for the for this conversation. What are you doing to address your mental health.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can mitigate frequency number intensity of these stones.
Bethany Shadid: Honestly,
Bethany Shadid: My life has improved so much
Bethany Shadid: From where I was that I just continue
Bethany Shadid: I what I'm doing in that respect, the big
Bethany Shadid: Thing, the outlier that has been hard to the images stress level and
Bethany Shadid: I would say that I have a plan right but
Bethany Shadid: Not being quite there yet, you know, still having to put up with the work stuff a little bit this past week was great being out of work I was able to, you know, do a lot of things that were enjoyable and stress relieving and stuff, but I think
Bethany Shadid: I I had been feeling the pain on and off since my last day of work when my coworker passed away.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: But I thought, you know, because I know I understand that I have pseudo pains.
Bethany Shadid: And so I didn't, I didn't do anything until Wednesday, where it really hit hard
Bethany Shadid: And so I think that, you know, this stressful event at work and moving and everything triggered it. But it wasn't fully passing still, you know, Wednesday evening.
Bethany Shadid: Um, but it's it's been
Bethany Shadid: How would you say
Bethany Shadid: With the quarantine to and having to be alone during it, you know.
Bethany Shadid: I've thoroughly enjoyed
Bethany Shadid: It's not great but
Bethany Shadid: I think I needed a break for so long that I don't mind having it all to myself. Sorry, I'm just very uncomfortable. Um,
Bethany Shadid: What was the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say, let's say I heard you. I think you mind hearing. And again, my moving my office, the passing of my coworker and the continued work stress triggered it. So now what are you saying I i
Bethany Shadid: Well, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I, I guess what, what I'm doing about that is I checked with my friend about the job I applied for
Bethany Shadid: You know, so I have my exit timeline all set up.
Bethany Shadid: And unfortunately they're
Bethany Shadid: holding off on doing any hiring right now because their office is closed. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: And so
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: I'm kind of in a holding pattern. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: But ultimately, that's the goal is to get out of the job because it's not
Bethany Shadid: It's not good for my health. This isn't okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay there. So the job is not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is that
Bethany Shadid: It's very true.
Bethany Shadid: get triggered.
Bethany Shadid: Almost every day when I'm there, even when I'm not there by the unprofessionalism
Bethany Shadid: You know, being texted at 10 o'clock. The night before changing where I'm going.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah it all of the
Bethany Shadid: It's not okay. And I've gotten to the point where I don't even like talking about the specifics anymore because it's very clear to me that it's, it's just not healthy. And I'm not going to fix.
Bethany Shadid: The people there. I'm not going to be able to make them change and trying to do that isn't healthy and only creates more stress and but at the same time, I know that any new job by get could have stress.
Bethany Shadid: Like don't
Bethany Shadid: Think, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the things I'm going to say may
Gwenevere Abriel: May be unpleasant. Okay. Now you and I have developed enough rapport that I think you'll be able to hear them without it feeling like an attack, but if it feels like an attack. I want you to tell me if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: This may seem like an odd question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who squeezing your muscles.
Bethany Shadid: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will happen at work.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We will do what is familiar over
Gwenevere Abriel: The unknown more times than not even when we know it's unhealthy. And you know what, you're a logical reasonable person you have all this lovely insight and yet you show up with just a text and you squeeze your muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of them are so habituated their long fear, I just got developed before the job. This is just what you do. It's so ingrained so routine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but we can do something about it. We can say
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to react this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, my first reaction is one of
Tension
Gwenevere Abriel: But you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: It creates
Gwenevere Abriel: This physical reaction. And you might end up doing it again in the next workplace. And the big thing was, you're about to go into a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we were sort of or I was any way kind of thinking, well, how will you approach this one a little differently. How can this be a classroom for you so that you don't do exactly what you did with this other job before that and you were very concerned will. I will. I do the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here we are stones.
Gwenevere Abriel: So progress and some of the same. So it's both there's progress. You can tangibly because you've come in and you said, I've said things this way done things differently. And you're liking it, you're, you're certainly you've had fewer stones.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I think is with something very measurable. There's been fewer
Bethany Shadid: Much
Gwenevere Abriel: So although you say I don't get into the specifics of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what's your whole life is it is those specifics. It is that text. So how do we not talk about the text. How do we not talk about how you meet that text.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you make whatever is going on the other side. What you think they think of you more important than your health. I think you're doing that all the time.
Bethany Shadid: Right, good guess.
Bethany Shadid: I guess what I mean is the change that's taken place in room recently where I've been much more aware of
Bethany Shadid: In the moment how I'm feeling, you know, doing that. Okay, I'm really triggered right now, you know, doing the numbers, taking a breath counting down, things like that.
Bethany Shadid: And when I'm out of work, stopping myself from going over those situations, over and over and over and replaying them in my head.
Bethany Shadid: Because I know that it's not healthy.
Bethany Shadid: You know, and that it comes from this this where it's come from that change has made such an impact.
Bethany Shadid: That I've been able to handle the few times that I've had to deal with my manager while being out of work without it.
Bethany Shadid: triggered me
Bethany Shadid: Because I'm not right, anticipating that it's going to be horrible.
Bethany Shadid: And I'm not
Bethany Shadid: Reading into it like that text I sent you after I talked to him, I said, It went great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I was able to put it aside and then conversations I had to have, you know, updating him.
Bethany Shadid: That's just what it was just an update it wasn't more than that. It was, you know, and I've really held on to that. And I don't see it as the problem is my job and everything's going to be better with the new one. I see it more as I have more tools.
Bethany Shadid: And my current work situation is a constant barrage of triggers that I think it's time to move on. Not that I'm not going to have them.
Bethany Shadid: I just don't think i think it's
Bethany Shadid: gotten to a place where I don't
Bethany Shadid: Know,
Bethany Shadid: Who
Bethany Shadid: I'm I or any struggle, right, taking care of myself. I don't want to
Have the
Gwenevere Abriel: Other the analogies, a good one or not. Let's see where it goes. All of a sudden I had this image of Niagara Falls. And I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean boats are still awesome and little motors are still awesome and a raincoat still amazing, those are still awesome tools and umbrellas pretty cool waterproof cameras. Pretty cool. But as we get closer to the actual
Gwenevere Abriel: Date luge
Gwenevere Abriel: But how useful, are those even the boat. How useful is that going to be so that's what I hear, when you say that those tools are useful, but at what point do you say why on earth would I go under there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would I test it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This would be more like I need a ship and the ship is you can't get a ship and you know there. So it's completely irrational so skills are great raincoat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great all really good but setback with just the mist rain splashing that comes from being sort of around that but
Gwenevere Abriel: Few can survive being right under that kind of intense. So that's what came up for me that was the imagery. I was getting. And when I was teaching you talking about this bra.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: What I don't get is
Gwenevere Abriel: The distress that still goes on. That's the part. So we already know it's getting better. But notice how your if we buy into this theory that that I can't take this this stress is triggering
Gwenevere Abriel: My health right it's not good for my health. You've said this stress is not good for my health. So we're saying mental health effects physical body stress or kidney stone. So we just dumb it down and we say so. Okay, then.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get that text.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to relocate or this dissonance around the way they would approach someone an employee passing away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's still something going on, still, even though these skills are great. I don't know if you're not using them, or if there's more needed. There's still can be stuff going on. So I think it might be worth talking a little bit about some specifics over the last week.
Sure.
Bethany Shadid: Well, the last week I haven't been at work and
Bethany Shadid: I've been
Bethany Shadid: Um, I got a big chunk out accomplished around my place.
Bethany Shadid: Which was really nice. And then the kidney stone hit. So I've been dealing with
Bethany Shadid: Not
Bethany Shadid: being disappointed that I can't do it. All right. I can't get it all done in this timeframe that's been been a struggle but
Bethany Shadid: Work wise. I've been much more distant from it this week and haven't
Bethany Shadid: Been much better about not
Bethany Shadid: Going over the scenarios in my head that
Bethany Shadid: Let's say I what I've definitely noticed is the scenarios that I go over my head always go back to me. Can trying to convince somebody that I'm right.
Bethany Shadid: And they're wrong or that I'm right in this other person's wrong and you know it all goes back to that need to be believed me to be justified need to be
Bethany Shadid: How would you or vindicated or
Bethany Shadid: So I know that that's a deep seated, you know, thing that
Bethany Shadid: Is not going to just go away.
Bethany Shadid: Right, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: So specific wise and nothing else has happened since we don't look
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we just work with what's here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't get it all done.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's a big one that it could go anywhere, can't get it all done.
Bethany Shadid: accepting my limitations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or that it wasn't all for you to do anyway.
Bethany Shadid: Anything.
Bethany Shadid: I have very high standards for myself and whenever I don't meet those
Bethany Shadid: Four or I get
Bethany Shadid: I have an idea of what I
Bethany Shadid: Think it should be like, and when it doesn't look that way. It's like letting myself down
Bethany Shadid: Or
Bethany Shadid: So I do
Bethany Shadid: Struggle with that, you know,
Bethany Shadid: My
Bethany Shadid: What my expectation for myself is versus what my
Bethany Shadid: My I'm able to actually
Bethany Shadid: Do
Bethany Shadid: Or mentally handle, that's a big part of it. It's not just physical limitations.
Bethany Shadid: But I
Bethany Shadid: I did, I did work on
Bethany Shadid: Verbalizing to myself when I know about the things that I did, and
Bethany Shadid: The accomplishments. I did have and and being happy.
Bethany Shadid: With the work that I had done because of that. So,
Bethany Shadid: The small victories.
Bethany Shadid: Like last night I was laying in bed.
Bethany Shadid: Didn't want to get up.
Bethany Shadid: Just hurting so bad.
Bethany Shadid: So exhausted and
Bethany Shadid: Just have to remind myself over and over. No.
Bethany Shadid: It's okay.
To
Bethany Shadid: We're
Bethany Shadid: here okay too tired. It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's an
Old lazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what if it's just the conditioning maybe from
Gwenevere Abriel: From your father that still sits in there as if you'd have to defend why you were laying in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's just that, you know,
Bethany Shadid: It's definitely that
Bethany Shadid: That image came up in my head as I was talking to it.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: If
Bethany Shadid: You don't like got to a place
Bethany Shadid: Where
Bethany Shadid: I keep the handle. This can be still paid
Bethany Shadid: And I realize that most people
Bethany Shadid: Can't handle this peak.
Bethany Shadid: That
Bethany Shadid: Most people go to the hospital to be medicated for this kind of pain.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: It got to a point where
Bethany Shadid: With this was happening so frequently
Bethany Shadid: It was, I think I between dealing with my parents about it blamed me for having them.
Bethany Shadid: And the financial strain, going to the hospital, all the time, put me in
Bethany Shadid: It was
Bethany Shadid: That I just have to learn to live with this.
Bethany Shadid: I can't
Bethany Shadid: Let life stop every time.
Bethany Shadid: I have a kidney stone episode, like I have to learn to function under this amount of pain just kind of how as a girl would you're going through puberty and you're realizing that people still work and do things and they feel this way. What
Bethany Shadid: And so that's what i i had to do. I think
Bethany Shadid: It's this ingrained
Bethany Shadid: Of I can't stop. I can't, I can't, I can't let myself.
Bethany Shadid: Not keep going or I don't even know exactly what it is that I feel like I
Bethany Shadid: Have to do every time. But it's i've i've done
Bethany Shadid: ridiculous things well passing kidney stones.
Bethany Shadid: Because
Bethany Shadid: You know it. Looking back, it's this double standard for anybody else I would be so understanding is
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, give them leeway. But for myself. It's
Bethany Shadid: Not allowed
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think just right there. There's a lot of useful information for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just have to put up with all this pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't complain about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Be prepared to defend your position. If anyone attacks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I honestly
Bethany Shadid: Think that contributed to my physical dependency on the medicine so much because I was having them so often.
Bethany Shadid: In the beginning, that the only way that I could function was to take the opiates.
Bethany Shadid: And you know my tolerance got so high, middle so fast and
Bethany Shadid: I NEVER ABUSED the medication like I didn't take it.
Bethany Shadid: Outside, but you know I did over take more than I should. But I needed it because it wasn't just to make the pain go away. It was so that I could continue on. It was so I could work during these episodes. It was so it could function in like horrible marriage. It was so that I could
Bethany Shadid: You know, and
Bethany Shadid: Now, at the point where I learning. I've gotten away from
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: Having to go to the doctor constantly and get more opiates.
Bethany Shadid: You know, to function in my life and changed my lifestyle so that my kidney stones app and less and less.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: I've had to learn to cope with the pain.
Bethany Shadid: And it's like there's still that to continue
Bethany Shadid: Even though.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know, it's, it's very ingrained in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How willing are you to be under the knife all the day luge the barrage again how how willing are you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Live with your family, as she did as a child and work and be in a marriage that's neglectful chaotic and just okay you've had built. Why not tell me why.
Bethany Shadid: You're heard of it.
Bethany Shadid: I don't
Bethany Shadid: Like thinking about where I was.
Bethany Shadid: But I don't ever want to go back, you know,
Bethany Shadid: It's exhausting. It's
Bethany Shadid: But it does that does bring up a good point is I got I got where I was.
Bethany Shadid: Covered very long way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have
Gwenevere Abriel: You take what you learn in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the hard part is
Gwenevere Abriel: What more would you like to do so that you don't if there is that connection between stress level which you said there is and your physical health, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs to be done or what less needs to be done.
Bethany Shadid: I think I've modified some big
Bethany Shadid: Pieces in my life right like getting out of my parents house getting out of my own gym, things like that.
Bethany Shadid: That needs to change.
Bethany Shadid: But I need to work on things now that
Bethany Shadid: Add to
Bethany Shadid: Me being healthy, not just
Bethany Shadid: I'm out from under the falls. I need to
Bethany Shadid: I don't know, like, the first thing that came to mind is like, you know, yoga or something or, you know, though. I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all right. But it's a it's a doing it's
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Movement. All right.
Bethany Shadid: Church.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, those are big ones church movement. And then there's the
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that you and I talked a lot about which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeking validation
Gwenevere Abriel: resisting it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get really wrapped in in this next job. It could happen mean what not exist in this one, you don't have a dear friend. Well, now you may have a dear friend, so you say all this be great. Well, guess what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you might be making decisions that are based on this friendship leveraging your ethical and professional responsibilities now having to wait friendship over secret over. We don't know what's going to come
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Will it be okay for you yet again to put
Gwenevere Abriel: Stress
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, stress, I get I have to put up with this pain. Pain stress. I just have to put up with it and my body will keep the score and I'll get these stones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, or are we getting closer to a really a switch going off for you where there's a point. Well not go past. No, you won't let yourself get
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, like we're once you'd let it get here. Now, you won't. It just sort of says I can't let it
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel those phantom pains or I feel. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I think I told you I've had stones before so I kind of know what you're talking about. You're like, Oh my gosh, it was that was that one. What was that, you know,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you starting to see the relationship between that threshold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you won't budge from there and you it whether it's your dad. It's your mom. It's a manager. It's, you would say, I cannot afford to let myself get
Gwenevere Abriel: above this level. I've seen what happens, and I can't do it. So in a very polite. Nice way and then you just sort of back away from it using skills.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I just still wonder if you really know where that line is
Bethany Shadid: If you I don't. Hey, can
Bethany Shadid: I see exactly what you're talking about. And I know that that's what a lot
Bethany Shadid: Um, I think I've been playing with that line the past few weeks, you know, like getting angry when or, you know, not
Bethany Shadid: not backing down on different things, you know, but
Bethany Shadid: But, um,
Bethany Shadid: But yeah, I think a lie still have a lot of work.
Bethany Shadid: With with making that one very clear, so that when it does
Bethany Shadid: I can
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's, here's what I wonder, remember how I kind of say, well, we had a good clue with the hot core. I haven't heard much about it recently. So I'm wondering if you've lost that atonement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you forgotten about it.
Bethany Shadid: No, I, I've had it just talking about it. Oh, just talking today i guess i i just have it.
Bethany Shadid: pointed it out, but I can
Gwenevere Abriel: See you, you do when you're talking with your manager, supervisor. Do you feel that
Bethany Shadid: I did prior to the phone call that I was, you know, letting him know. I wasn't going to be there and then
Bethany Shadid: When HR called I got really even though there was nothing bad on the phone call it initially just got me all distress.
Bethany Shadid: And then afterwards, I had to just like
Bethany Shadid: Pause And breathe and it was like I don't what you know she was like I was telling myself. She was apologizing to me because she called and told me, I'm really sorry, but you know
Bethany Shadid: Under the contract you signed it, it says that you have to maintain the license. She goes, but I know you were letting go of what and and trying to reinstate your New England, and this is just a gap. She's like, so it's just
Bethany Shadid: I'm just letting you know. And there's no real repercussions and I'm sorry but you can't work which I already you know knew but
Bethany Shadid: I had gotten you know so like worked up about it right away it goes from zero to 80 or 90 whatever like that. And so it was after the phone call just just bringing myself back down, realizing how triggered. I was
Bethany Shadid: And I'm sorry I didn't think
Bethany Shadid: bringing that up before I'm
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: I was just checking. Just checking in to see if it was being used.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually
Bethany Shadid: In a big, big thing to hold on to. So
Gwenevere Abriel: How many minutes does it take after that initial sort of hot experience. How many minutes does it take to regulate down to, oh, I notice
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fine. Do you know how long it takes.
Bethany Shadid: I could say approximately because there were a few times where I thought I was okay and then I read, I noticed it. And I had to go back and do it again and do it again. So
Bethany Shadid: I would say you know it over the course of the next hour. I was. It was coming back up and I had to keep, like, okay, you know, breathe, everything's fine. You know,
Bethany Shadid: After that,
Gwenevere Abriel: So it wouldn't surprise me. It's pretty typical for me to hear that it takes about 45 minutes. Can you believe that takes that long.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a long time. I don't know. Is it
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, yeah, I was surprised by it, but I wasn't able to, because you know it was a scenario that happened outside of like
Bethany Shadid: Being at work. It was just a phone call. Matt for a minute, comfortable environment. Why am I so triggered, you know. And then, okay, you know, and then thinking I'm okay and then realizing that I'm thinking about it again and I'm hot. And I'm like, what is going
Bethany Shadid: Like repeatedly. Yeah. That doesn't surprise me at all.
Bethany Shadid: But it makes me feel better knowing that I'm not the only person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said I wanted you to hear that are normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and that's way too long. That's too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too long. It's damaging memory. It's damaging our body. We can have that high level for that long, we should only really we only want it for 10 seconds. That's what we want. Just, can we need it for fight for flight. And then we register. I'm not in any danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at my body. Look how how activated, it is look how in threat response. My body is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's this fear HR might say, What right did you go there, like he might have said, what, what was the
Bethany Shadid: What's the worst. She said was on suspension.
Bethany Shadid: And I asked her what that meant. And she's like, Well, you know, it's because of the project, blah, blah, blah. And I said, Does that have any like
Bethany Shadid: Consequences like am I not going to get PTO like what it is or is it just like a word like what cuz I was like, at first I was just gonna be like, Okay, and just hang up the phone and then I was like, wait a minute, what is this
Bethany Shadid: What is it
Bethany Shadid: On bench in. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: The financial gains. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: So I found that it really was nothing like it in a file, but
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, but still that word suspension, you know you're on suspension like
Bethany Shadid: That I think that's why I kept it kept coming up, you know,
Bethany Shadid: But honestly, like I feel like a
Bethany Shadid: huge majority of my life has been
Bethany Shadid: Under cortisol.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so too. And that's why I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Close. It's your normal there's a norm to it and it's been going on too long, it's it's hurting your body. So if you see that this word stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: It needed, much like you needed some tangible thing around what suspension means what are the financial implications.
Gwenevere Abriel: This word stress is not this nebulous psychobabble fairy dust. It's cortisol. This is grounded in suspension is, well, I still have my benefits will still get a paycheck stress is the physiological response to perceived danger and threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: You cannot keep it up at this rate.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you have been
Gwenevere Abriel: And at what point are you going to say that this relationship that I have with whoever's on the other side of this conversation, father, mother, friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they more worth your brain that cortisol down away done
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't going to continue to be that way. Are they going to always be more important is their opinion of you always going to be more important in this body of yours. And once again, we're here. And so for me, when I say, Are you feeling that hot core
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know whether you screeching halt stop and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Carol hold on just a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can me oh my care so much about what this woman's about to say jobs online money's on the line homelessness insurance. Look at me so much important so much important
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see why I'm reacting this way. But you know what, I'll be okay. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask her questions if I don't understand. I know I'm studying I'm getting my CEOs. Everything's gonna be fine. I already have another job I'm. Come on. Nurse. Forget about it. Everybody wants me. This is like
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to get a nurse, right now you are much needed
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey Carol. Sorry, I had to attend to something important. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can't wait.
Bethany Shadid: She can like
Gwenevere Abriel: We can always we can all wait until you're ready to engage. Okay. We can all wait
Gwenevere Abriel: What was so urgent this whole time, or any of those things that, that you made yourself sick. Do you remember what they were all those conversations, all those little this amount of time in this database or is it all just stupid crap now. Oh, that cortisol for what
Gwenevere Abriel: In the end, it's all small stuff. Your health is the good stuff. That's the stuff right there. We can all just sit here and twiddle our thumbs. We can be impatient, we can give ourselves cortisol, but you you sit there and you take your sweet time and you feel ready, you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Able
Gwenevere Abriel: However you want to feel or straight up.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is really bad. Are you free in the next five minutes. Think it will free up. Can I call you back, or do you want to touch base and then you
Bethany Shadid: Know, I agree. And it's, it's funny to me how
Bethany Shadid: Tangible it is right now.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I think
Bethany Shadid: My
Bethany Shadid: unhealthy relationship with cortisol my
Bethany Shadid: By
Bethany Shadid: miliary with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you talk
Bethany Shadid: Free to post me to some
Bethany Shadid: Pretty bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Ratio is how you talk, I basically have to put up with it. I'm going to put up with the emotional pain and the physical pain that's my lot in life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the message that you have decided is going to be it for you. And that's depressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm saying, No, I'm saying no, there's a whole lot more to it than that. Instead let's catch it in early, early, early phase of this
Gwenevere Abriel: And say, know that pain is supposed to be an important departure from baseline feelings. That's supposed to be a sharp marker of something's really wrong. But you're having to live with it daily daily daily. No, it's not supposed to be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain is supposed to say something just happened to life and limb, mind, spirit, something's just happened sharply different from baseline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay you sleep with it all the time is just no that's not, I don't think that's what it's for.
Bethany Shadid: It's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, without. See how you've normalized this and rationalize this and this is my lot. And what I'm inviting is something very different. I hope
Bethany Shadid: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've been I'm two minutes late to start this here group at one o'clock he
Bethany Shadid: I'll see you tomorrow morning. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow morning,
Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Thanks. Bye.